1. Keep all decoupling capacitors as close to the IC as possible with the
high-frequency decoupling capacitor (10 nF) closer than the low-frequency
decoupling capacitor (2.2 µF).
2. Place ground vias as close as possible to the ground side of the capacitors
and the reader IC pins to minimize any possible ground loops.
3. Place the two inductors at 90° orientations with respect to each other (that
is, if the first inductor is laid out in a horizontal orientation, the next
inductor should be placed in a vertical orientation). This arrangement
minimizes coupling between the two inductors.
4. If the crystal is changed from an HC49 to another crystal type, the designer
should pay close attention to the internal load capacitance and adjust the two
external shunt capacitors accordingly. Follow the recommendations of the crystal
manufacturer for those values.
5. There should be a common ground plane for the digital and analog sections.
The multiple ground sections or islands should have vias that tie the different
sections of the planes together.
6. Ensure that the exposed thermal pad at the center of the reader IC is
properly laid out as specified in the device-specific data sheet (see
Section 2). This helps to dissipate heat away from the IC. The following
figures show the suggested layout guidelines for the IC (PCB layout, stensil,
and vias).
7. Trace line lengths should be minimized whenever possible. The RF output path,
crystal connections, and control lines from the reader to the microprocessor
are the most important. Proper placement of the reader, microprocessor, crystal,
and RF connection or connector help to minimize these lengths.
Avoid the following:
      Crossing of digital lines under analog and RF signal lines.
      Crossing of digital lines with other digital lines.
      If the crossings are unavoidable, use 90° crossings to minimize coupling
      of the lines.
8. Depending on the production test plan, consider possible implementations of
test pads or test vias for use during testing. The necessary pads or vias
should be placed in accordance with the proposed test plan to enable easy
access to those test points.
9. If the system implementation is complex (for example, if the RFID reader
module is a subsystem of a larger system with other modules such as Bluetooth®,
Wi-Fi®, microprocessors, and clocks), special considerations should be taken to
ensure that no noise is coupled into the supply lines.
If needed, special filtering or regulator considerations should be used to
minimize or eliminate noise in these unique systems. This helps to ensure
optimal RFID reader performance.
10. A suggested reference schematic with the output match from 4 O to 50 O is
provided in the data sheet and the EVM user's guide (see Section 2). If the
customer chooses to follow this suggested schematic, the following conditions
should be verified as each implementation will be slightly different.
(a) Verify the TX output power
    (i) If the desired output is detected, then the component and system matches
    the EVM.
    (ii) If not detected, then the component value or quality is incorrect.
(b) Verify the output impedance
    (i) If 50 O, then the match is correct and maximum power transfer will be
    achieved.
    If not 50 O, then it will require tuning of the output to obtain a 50-O
    output match. When this is achieved, you will achieve maximum power transfer.
11. Avoid crossing of digital lines under RF signal lines. Also, avoid crossing
of digital lines with other digital lines whenever possible. If the crossings
are unavoidable, use 90° crossings to minimize coupling of the lines.
